hello it's flu and today I just want to
show you and my age to see their energy
the update for the subs are prime so
this is V version 6.5 and you just have
to flush it over your previous version
6.0 so if you don't have this version
6.0 you must flush it and then it's
version 6.5 and after reboot so this is
the sub sub prime by ali reza bye bye
this version is an ice cream sandwich
with HTC Sense version 4.0 you must have
already seen my review well for this one
6.0 so I will just show you a few
different things no fixin majora is no
fix head and 12 everyone you can see oh
it is you can just search for people go
to the current story by this way you can
also go to speech our block it colors
settings or chips so you have settings
and change different things for so this
is lower can you have EK pal you can use
the voice button you must have a network
connection to do it also the river is no
working but have no sim card on my phone
so i can't show you that right now
there is also and the beats audio fix it
so i I can show you what you have just
want someone who plays let's go find it
excuse me yes you have just to brag you
know ed fun there and let's go to listen
music like this one okay and then you
have the bits
audio and sound and you can just choose
it and when you go to menu and son and
answer you have different things there
so it talks very line and a bit so Joe
is not fixed that you also of ethics of
desire ng name so this is when you go to
be Play Store for example you can find
your device for HTC Desire
okay please fixed okay yeah so this
version is very good and better than the
previous one and you want no more bugs I
think you can just thanks this this
death - I've done this one I think have
no other things to show you maybe become
hobby yes you know but I already have
seen I've showed everything on my
previous video so this is just to show
you what it works it still works
and you can just continue to use it for
your everyday customer so thanks again
to have seen this video you have to
remind my previous video you will have
the link on the description and with
different annotations on my video thanks
again that's flow and let's go to
continue with analyzed
you